# Claude_Readme
This repository is used to store texts that Claude uses to guide manual deployment of open source projects. The deployment process of each project is represented by an md file. The content includes project environment dependencies, project deployment, project testing, possible problems, etc. All content in this repository is automatically generated by Claude without manual intervention.
# Project Description
The projects in this repository select two datasets of automatically deployed open source projects that have been released, the Bouzenia dataset and the Milliken dataset.
## Bouzenia dataset
The Bouzenia dataset contains 50 projects in different programming languages.
## Milliken dataset
The Milliken dataset contains 40 projects in Python.
# User Study
To verify the effectiveness of the project Readme document generated by Claude, we planned to conduct a User Study among real developers. We raised some questions.
## Question 1: Can the project README files generated by Claude effectively reduce developers' deployment time?
### Subquestion 1.1： Do developers experience significantly faster deployment times when using Claude-generated README files (compared to traditional manual deployments)?
### Subquestion 1.2： How much time do developers spend on multiple project deployment steps during the entire deployment process? How much time do developers save in each deployment step using the README files generated by Claude?

## Question 2: How many projects can developers successfully deploy based on the README files generated by Claude?
### Subquestion 2.1： Across multiple projects, how many more projects did developers successfully deploy based on the Claude-generated README files than based on the original README?
### Subquestion 2.2： Do developers need to make additional manual modifications or adjustments to the Readme file produced by Claude, and what is the proportion of the adjustment?
### Subquestion 2.3： Which steps usually lead to failure when developers deploy according to the original Readme? In these steps, does the Readme generated by Claude help developers complete these steps successfully?
### Subquestion 2.4： Does the Readme generated by Claude make up for the incomplete information of the original project?

## Question 3:  In the event that Claude fails, can the developer successfully complete the deployment according to the README file?
### Subquestion 3.1： How many projects did Claude deployment fail but manual deployment succeeded?
### Subquestion 3.2： If Claude fails to deploy the project, does the generated Readme produce misleading information?

### Question 4: After developers complete deployment according to the Readme generated by Cladue, do they effectively understand the project?
### Subquestion 4.1： After completing the deployment, do developers feel they understand the overall structure and workflow of the project?
### Subquestion 4.2： Do developers feel that the Claude-generated Readme is better than the original Readme?
